{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Candara;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs16\lang9 <title>Rules & Regulations</title><br><font color=black><body bgcolor=white>\par
\par
<h2>General Rules\lang1033 </h2><br>\lang9\par
 - Provide the people around you, admins and fellow players alike, with respect.<br>\par
 - Do not take it upon yourselves to make a decision in a situation where Admin-involvement is mandatory.<br>\line  - Refrain from attempting to manipulate the rules to your own, or your acquintance's benefits.<br>\par
 - Take consistent criticism and blatant lack of respect for the server off of it.<br>\par
 - Admins and players included are all under the same rules, none are exempt and will receive equal punishment under enforcement for breaking aforementioned guidelines.<br>\par
 - Refrain from speaking of morbidly-adult topics, as those with the immature mind (children) play this game.<br>\par
 - Use your common sense, everyone has it.<br>\par
<hr>\par
\par
<h2>Run-Down of being an Admin</h2>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
Admins are to do their job proficiently and without self-benefit. They're entitled to the rules as well, and are not allowed to abuse the verbs they're given to harm players, unless said players've broken rules. Biased rulings are prohibited, and if at all necessary, will be solved by having another admin rule the situation. Those that are notorious for breaking rules are exempt from equality, and are inclined to be bias against.\par
<hr>\par
\line <h2>Tags & Names</h2>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
 - The only tags to be permitted are age & AFK tags.<br>\par
 - Tags are only permitted to be placed at the <b>end</b> of names.<br>\par
 - Names blatantly used from inspiration of popular media are strictly prohibited. Names that are common within the culture they originate from (such as 'Menma', or 'Sakura', both names that are generally seen in lists of japanese names), are allowed.<br>\par
 - Ensure your name is within reason, meaning that it's able to be pronounced, and appears to be something a parent would name their child.<br>\par
 - You're not allowed to change your name unless you've been a. reincarnated or b. utilizing a disguise of sorts that will change your appearance or conceal it.<br>\par
<hr>\par
\par
<h2>Roleplaying</h2>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
<b>Maintaining In-Character</b>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
 - At all times you are expected to maintain in-character as a roleplayer. This means you <b>should</b> refrain from mistreating someone, whether it be by killing, stealing, injuring etc. someone for personal, OOC relation or opinion of them.<br>\par
 - This goes for being positively bias to someone such as a friend, by providing them with what you wouldn't a general character (unless you've bonded with their character within reason).<br>\par
<p>\par
tl;dr don't let OOC emotions seep into IC.<br>\par
 - OOC Knowledge of locations, names, races, people.. just about anything outside of what your race is permitted to know, cannot be utilized in IC.<p>\par
\par
<b>Locations</b>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
These specific locations are barred off from public use, or IC knowledge by those who haven't been revealed such locations by anyone who innately knows about them (whether it be by race or rank): <p>\par
\par
 - The Earth Guardian's Lookout<br>\par
 - Heaven's Entrance (Kai only)<br>\par
 - Hell's Exit (Demon only)<br>\par
 - Atlantis (Tsujin only)<br>\par
 - The Vegetian Core<br>\par
 - Kaioshin<p>\par
\par
<b>Combat</b>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
 - To attack someone you must provide a reasonable emote that descriptively explains what you're doing. Attempted injuries post-confrontation must be included within the emote as well. Performing actions that you did not emote are often punishable.<br>\par
 - All actions, such as stealing, killing or attacking require a countdown after an emote has been provided with them. Once that countdown has completed, unless someone has called "inf" (infinite amount of time to respond with an emote), those actions may be executed.<br>\par
 - If killing, stealing, or injuring etc. has been emoted on a knocked out player, the moment they get up within the countdown utilized for such the roleplay is omitted.<br>\par
 - In order to kill someone, the <b>killer</b> alone must have defeated them three times before. This is nullified if the killer has at least five times the victim's power, of if they lack at least one injury. Declaring lethal is also mandatory within the roleplay provided to attempt it. Lastly, the victim must have over seventy five percent of health to be attemptedly killed.<br>\par
 - Once combat has expired, both parties are entitled to recovery by meditation. Regenerators and self-repairing devices require a countdown prior to their use.<br>\par
 - Those that're AFK and have been prior to the offensive combatant's arrival to their location are excluded from dying or injury, but may be robbed.<p>\par
\par
<b>Running</b>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
 - To run from a situation, the roleplayer must emote doing such.<br>\par
 - Upon completing said emote, they're entitled to a countdown separate from whatever they're running from. A separate 'inf' is required to prohibit this, otherwise the possible victim may escape after their countdown has elapsed.<br>\par
 - Leaving the Z-Plane of either the victim or the pursuiter automatically ends verb. Otherwise, after at least a minute has elapsed it will end.<p>\par
\par
<b>Transforming</b><br>\par
 - Transforming has specific requirements. In regard to Super Saiyan forms, it requires extensive buildup, in addition to the perishing of someone close, or something just as extreme, to trigger a transformation. Approval from an Admin is required after the applicant has provided a very-detailed emote explaining their transformation, their reasoning behind it and what has lead up to it. (Trigger-by-Death requires the applicant to have been with the victim for 5+ IC years.)<br>\par
 - Icer transformations are triggered being completely outmatched in their previous forms, if there are any, and being on the verge of losing their life in a fight. Their pride must be on the verge of shattering, and there must be further IC reasoning to justify transforming. If lethal is declared prior to this, then the Icer is free to go all out in terms of transformation.<br>\par
 - Ascension oriented transformations (like Super Namekian) require two ascended namekians to fuse, as well as having bonded for 5+ IC years prior to fusion.<br>\par
 - Approval is un-needed for Super Saiyan transformations if the Saiyan reaches past two-times their requirement.<p>\par
<hr>\par
\par
<h2>Technology</h2>\lang1033 <br>\lang9\par
The following has certain prerequisites for their uses: <p>\par
\par
 - Robotic Tools/Modules: Only Repair may be utilized within hostile situations, otherwise these are completely usable outside of combat. Both may only be applied to willing parties. Forced ones are required to have been knocked out three times prior.<br>\par
 - Teleportation Devices: Requires approval from an Admin, and counts as escape.<br>\par
 - Bombs (nuke & sonic): Requires approval from Admin, automatically lethal. Auto-verb is permitted during the detonation of both.<br>\par
 - Stun Chips/Tools: Requires the victim to be knocked out three times prior (by anyone), and be in a hostile situation.<p>\line\par
<b>Restricted Tech</b><br>\par
 - Restricted technology is literally anything that isn't public use and must be created by a scientist of sorts (by rank).<br>\par
 - It may not be given to other players, and can only be utilized by the makers. Obviously, there are exceptions, such as applying restricted modules to androids / cyborgs.<p>\par
<hr>\par
\par
<h2>Special Moves</h2><br>\par
The following moves are restricted to their original users. If passed down, it requires approval from an Admin, as well as at least 3 years spent serving as one's teacher: <p>\line\par
 - Kaioken<br>\par
 - Spirit Bomb<br>\par
 - Mystic<br>\par
 - Kamehameha<br>\par
 - Dodompa<br>\par
 - Kikoho<br>\par
 - Final Flash<br>\par
 - Galick Gun<br>\par
\par
The following are situational in regard to their use: <p>\line\par
 - Kaio Teleport: Requires approval from an admin to travel between the Living Realm and Afterlife, unless a threat (at least 50% of the user's power), or the Supreme Demon Lord is within the living realm.<br>\par
 - Majin: Approval from an admin. Can only majinize two people at any time, one every fifteen years. They're unable to perform actions of negative influence to the majinization user, unless they're of the Majin race. Any neutral or chaotic alignments (even if good), that're at least two-times stronger or weaker than you, can be majinized. Admin determines succession with a dice roll, with 1-10 being success and 10-20 being failure. Requires 1-5 for those of Chaotic/Neutral Good and 1-15 for any Evil alignment.<br>\par
 - Revive: Admin approval.<br>\line  - Bind: Admin approval, target must have been incapacitated three times prior.<p>\par
<hr>\par
\par
<h2>Race Guidelines</h2><br>\par
 - Races have knowledge of their native planet. This knowledge includes caves / separate locations on that planet (that aren't exclusive), fellow native races, and skills innately utilized by races (obviously excludes rank-skills like Kamehameha).<br>\par
 - Races must resemble what they are. Spirit Dolls, Aliens and Demons are excluded from this rule.<br>\par
 - Races also have specific regulations, alignments, and knowledge (if an alignment isn't included they the player can be aligned in whatever way they personally want): <p>\line\par
<b>Alien</b><br>\par
 - Racial abilities (bought w/AP)<br>\par
<b>Android</b><br>\par
 - N/A<br>\line  <b>Bio-Android</b><br>\par
 - Evil alignment<br>\par
 <b>Demi-God</b><br>\par
 - Neutral alignment<br>\par
 <b>Demon</b><br>\par
 - Evil alignment<br>\par
 - Hell exit knowledge<br>\par
 - Hate for Kais<br>\par
 <b>Icer</b><br>\par
 - Evil alignment<br>\par
 - Innate superiority complex<br>\par
 - Transformation knowledge<br>\line  <b>Human</b><br>\par
 - N/A<br>\line  <b>Kai</b><br>\par
 - Good alignment<br>\par
 - Heaven entrance knowledge<br>\par
 - Hate for Demons<br>\line  <b>Majin</b><br>\par
 - Chaotic (added to any alignment, i.e Chaotic Good)<br>\par
 - Alignment determined by people around them<br>\par
 - No knowledge of the planet they're native to, not even the language or races<br>\par
 - Cannot choose alignment on their own<br>\line  <b>Makyo</b><br>\par
 - Use of the makyo star<br>\line  <b>Namek</b><br>\par
 - Use of the dragon balls<br>\line  <b>Saiyan</b><br>\par
 - Any Neutral/Evil alignment<br>\par
 - Great Ape<br>\line  - Artificial moons<br>\par
 - Natural distaste for Tsujins / non-combative races<br>\par
 - Alignment changes through IC development, otherwise they're innately restricted to this<br>\par
<b>Spirit Doll</b><br>\par
 - N/A<br>\par
 <b>Tsujin</b><br>\par
 - Natural distaste for Saiyans / combative races<p>\par
}
 