{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 <html>\par
<head><title>Rules</title><body>\par
<body bgcolor="#000000"><font size=2><font color="#CCCCCC">\par
\par
<font color=white>\par
<font size="6">\par
Da Rulez: Subject to Change<br>\par
</font size>\par
<p>\par
<br><br>\par
\par
\par
\par
<b>Characters</b><br>\par
<br>\par
1.c) Utilize proper RP etiquette for your Characters<br>\par
<br>\par
2.c) Names can't be from any Anime/TV show or social media, they must be creative not offensive and if's questionable by a admin or player, then Admin must approve.<br>\par
<li> Don't use profanity in your name<br>\par
<br>\par
3.c) Make sure you character resembles your race. \par
<li>Humaniod races include; Andriods, Saiyan, Human, Aliens, Demons, Kaio, Tsujins, Spirit Doll, and Demigods. Anything else must be approved by a Admin. All other races must be of different icons or/and use the base icons for their race.<br>\par
<ol><li>Make sure if you're going to play as a Saiyan, you should represent your race by name and hair color. (EX: Specifically: Hair should be black/brown and Names should be a pun off of Vegetables.)\par
</ol>\par
<br><br>\par
4.c) Alignments can be changed however something drastic and realistic has to change you ICly. If people can't understand this rule it will be Admin approved for alignment change. <br>\par
<br>\par
5.c) Utilize AFK tags if you don't want people to Attack your character without you knowing. If you don't have a AFK tag and you're away from computer then you will be attacked non the less.<br>\par
<br>\par
6.c) Admins have the right to strip away ranks if you character has not been active for more than two days. You can consulte with an Admin if you had schoool/work/etc depending on how active you can be later on then we'll allow it. If you fail to participate in Events as a rank you'll also be stripped depending on if it is a main event or side event.<br>\par
7.c) Each race starts with inherent knowledge of different things.  Each race has basic IC knowledge of their own planet or realm, including its caves, entrances, and exits.(Exceptions listed for each race) Each race's rules are as follows:\par
<li>Humans:<ol type="i">\par
<ul><li>Do not know that demons,aliens, etc. exist.\par
<li>They have no alignment restriction.\par
</ol><li>Namekians:<ol type="i">\par
<li>Only have knowledge of Namek and it's individuals. They have knowledge of all ranks of the planet.\par
<li>No alignment restrictions.\par
</ol>\par
<LI>Demon: <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>They have knowledge of all Afterlife races and ranks -- This means they know that they exist, not who that person is.\par
<LI>Those spawned in Hell only have knowledge of Hell's  exit, and any locations within it.\par
<LI>May shift their forms at-will, allowing them to appear however they desire no matter their size or age.\par
<LI>Hell Demons must be evil, whereas Earth Demons may be any non-good alignment they desire.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Kai: <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>The Kai are not "ruled" by anyone, but can be exiled from Heaven and Kaioshin by the Supreme Kai if deemed to be evil or unworthy.means they know that they exist, not who that person is. They also know the location of Hell (not the exit), home of the Demons, their (generally speaking) polar opposites.\par
<LI>Must be good.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Saiyan: <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>Do not have knowledge of Atlantis or the Core of Vegeta, but have knowledge of all other locations and caves on the planet.\par
<LI>Must follow chosen rank to the best of their IC ability.  May only 'rebel' or 'change sides' with admin permission.\par
<LI>Saiyans are force-aligned to either evil or at-best chaotic neutral.  Any other alignment is as Admin approval.\par
<LI>Saiyans are to have brown or black hair, unless age causes grey hair.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Tsujin: <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>Knowledge of the Core of Vegeta, Atlantis, and all caves or locations on Vegeta.\par
<LI>Only race to have knowledge of Atlantis, requires admin approval to pass knowledge of the area with good IC reasons. \par
<LI>Tend to dislike Saiyans as a rule, though it is neither a necessary trait nor enforced.\par
<LI>No alignment restrictions.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Spirit Doll: <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>They have all the same knowledge of a standard Human.\par
<LI>May not shift their forms at will, unlike Demons.\par
<LI>No alignment restrictions.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Majin: <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>Begin with little intelligence or ability to speak, and gain it only through interaction with others and absorbing those more knowledgeable than themselves.  (Which is pretty much anyone.)\par
<LI>Start out chaotic neutral, alignment shifting based on who all they absorb.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Half-Saiyan <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>Knowledge of all caves and locations on the planet they grow up at, as well as of the other races that inhabit said planet.\par
<LI>No alignment restrictions.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Alien <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>Knowledge of all caves and locations on the planet they spawn at, as well as of the other races that inhabit said planet.\par
<LI>Alignment discussed with Admin(s) upon approval for creation.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Icer <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>Knowledge of all Ice caves, space travel, and most standard technology.\par
<LI>Must be evil or chaotic neutral.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Bio-Android <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>They have knowledge of all living realm races and planets, but not the locations and caves upon them.\par
<LI>Consumed with an insatiable hunger in their Imperfect form.  They will stop at nothing to achieve perfection, and as such are incredibly inclined towards violence to achieve their goals.<UL>\par
<LI>This is not to say that they are mindless beasts, they are quite intelligent and find self-preservation to be more important than feeding their power.  They can not reach perfection if they're dead, after all.</UL>\par
<LI>Semi-perfect form has a much less antagonizing lust for perfection, but it is still its driving force.\par
<LI>Perfect form has achieved its original goal, and as such has lost all hunger it possessed, and what is left is something far more powerful.\par
<LI>Must be evil.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Demigod <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>They have knowledge of all Afterlife races, and how to reach Heaven and Hell.  Checkpoint is their preferred realm of existence, as it is a midway for the souls that pass through.\par
<LI>Must be neutral.\par
</OL>\par
<LI>Makyo <OL TYPE="i">\par
<LI>They have the same knowledge of Earth as Humans and Spirit dolls.\par
<LI>Must be neutral or evil.\par
</OL></ol>\par
\par
8.c.) Alts are allowed just not on the same Z plane. However if it happens, try your best not to interact.<br>\par
<li> Your ranked Alt takes more priority over your non-ranked alt.<br>\par
<li> Your alt can't have two rare races. AKA Saiyan, Bio, Half Saiyan, Majin, Icer<br>\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
<b>Actions</b><br>\par
<br>\par
1.a) Utlize proper Rp etiquette for Actions. Every action requires a 60 second countdown and 4 lines to be preformed.<br>\par
<br>\par
2.a) Before you are able to steal/fight/escape (Including leaving) you must Rp a legitimate 2-3 lines at least so that everyone in the vincinity can understand. Once hte RP commits then at least try to be specific, however as soon as the fight starts Verb is Verb. Whatever you said you were going to do no longer matters as long as it's close to what you were going to do.<br>\par
<li> Escape RP's should last for 3 minutes (AKA 3 CD's) Durring the chase. If you find them in the screen then your run needs to be stopped and hostility turns back on.<br>\par
<br>\par
3.a) Hostile tension is built when a stranger approaches you and speaks to you. Hostility lasts for 2 minutes before Hostility is worn off. However Hostility still continues if the plan on preforming an RP Action on your character or group of characters.<br>\par
<li>If you're in a hostile action, do not verb in front of a player while in a hostile situation. Unless you RP'd a verb to recover. VIA sitting down or resting yourself. If you do verb during a hostile situation get ready to get attacked with a back verb instantly (This includes moving four tiles, that is verb.)\par
<br>\par
4.a) For purposes of Stealing, you can steal things with a 2-3 line RP however if nobody is in the vicinity you can wait 30 seconds to grab it and leave.<br>\par
<br>\par
5.a)Injuries can only be preformed inside the RP you use to KO a player<br>\par
<li> Every injury preformed must be within the limit of your rp. If you attacked someone and it was hostile you must temparily injure that character once to consider it a complete hostile KO.\par
<li> If you want to preform multiple injuries (On one individual) it requires 2 sentences of every injury. However you cannot excel 3 injuries a RP. Permanent Injuries require you to be at least 20% higher than the player at base bp.\par
<br>\par
6.a) Kill can only be done if the character you want to kill has been KO'd twice by your own character! (You have to have a minimum RP length of 4-5 lines) So if he stands back up they're death is voided. Killing must state your intensions of either destroying or killing them. If you are in a 1v1 against multiple people then every KO you preform equals a 1 KO regardless of interruption. Thereform you can kill everyone all at once during your second set of KO's if you want.<br>\par
<li> If you are 5x the amount of your target enemy you can kill with 1 RP.\par
<li> If you are 3x the amount of your target enemy you can kill after 1 RP Ko. The next round is the death round.\par
<li>If a character has Death Regen and he dies from the previous 2 KO rule then you are allowed to go to immediate lethal intent when RPing. If they keep coming back then it's RP/Kill first time go. However if someone halts that fight by tagging in its back to 2 KO to kill.<br>\par
<li>When Mass Genocide RP is in play the person killing everyone must write a 8 line RP or more. When the Verb Begins anyone can fight anyone and the 1v1 rule doesn't come into play. The Verb Halts when the person trying to kill everyone is either KO'd or if all people in the vacinity is dead. The person has to be at least 5x the strongest person<br>\par
<br>\par
7.a) SD, Planet Destroy, and all Area Casuing Effects require 5-6 lines of RP and everyone in the vicinity must be aware.<br>\par
<br>\par
8.a) Verbal KO's can be stated if they state IC, "I'm going to beat your ass!" etc. However they must wait 60 seconds to begin fighting and both characters have to be aware.<br>\par
<br>\par
9.a) Omitting can only be done if you say something. Preforming a action on accident is ICly a accident however if it is intentional it'll be none and Admins will Omit your characters action.<br>\par
<br>\par
10.a) Make sure when you're rping to attack someone if you plan on fighting 1 character and there is 2 people trying to attack you, you can allow for only one person to attack first to prevent unfair fights. EX: If you and your friend want to attack someone then you can both rp however when the fighting happens whenever the enemy KO's one of you then you don't need to redo a RP because you already did! Now you can begin fighting that character before they injure or something. If Player A wants to fight Player B and Player C wants to fight Player B then Player B chooses who to fight.<br>\par
<br>\par
11.a) The only accidental kills that matter are non RP accidental kills. If you die in combat because it was hostile and you just get involved it's a legit death.<br>\par
<br>\par
<li>  If you die in combat because it was hostile and you just get involved it's a legit death.\par
<li> Dying from skills, gravity, or anything involving nature is legit.\par
<li> Dying from someone with 5x your power and they accidentally have lethal on then it's legit.\par
<br>\par
12.a) You can deny INF however if the person you are attacking has not Rp'd at all they can do whatever they want as Verb at the end of your CD of course after you have Rp'd.<br>\par
<li> If the player can not be trusted with INF or for your own usage. You may use 3 Count Down's (3 minutes) for them to finish a RP. Whenever they post, you only need 1 Count Down, or just go on the lass Count Down preformed at waiting time.\par
<br>\par
13.a) Giving Power should only be done once per RP. The only time you can use it twice is when the character you gave power too is KO'd. Same thing for mulitple people giving power.<br>\par
<br>\par
14.a) Shockwave is a One RP per usage. Don't spam unless you RP how many times you use it.<br>\par
<br>\par
15.a) Any healing items (Senzu, Heal, Regeneration) can only be used after RP KO and must be Roleplayed.<br>\par
16.a) Don't train in front of people or in front of a group of people if they're talking, it's different if its a group of people trainning. Meditating is the exception.<br>\par
17.) Certain Skills require restrictions due to how it can break the system in place that we set before.\par
<li>Soul Contract will have restrictions. A mast majority of the skills will require a IC emote and a 60 sec CD before being used. <br>\par
<li> All Soul Contract skills must be used within the vicinity of the player being in the screen and all players it affects.<br>\par
<li> You can't lower or raise BP unless you RP a legitmate 3 lines. This does not count during hostility.<br>\par
<li> You can only lower a persons age to 10 and must RP a legitmate 3 lines.(You can lower it lower if they consent) This does not count during hostility<br>\par
<li> You can only absorb/kill/KO the player with SC if they are within your sights, it doens't matter if they run away.<br>\par
<li> If the soul contracter dies, he must release all soul contracts<br>\par
<li>Amulet use in verb/hostile/combat must be on lethal.<br>\par
18.) You can only carry 5 Senzu beans on your person at a time and Senzu beans can only be grown inside the EG tower.<br>\par
19.) Meditate after a KO can only be used when you emote one line then CD. Once your CD is over you can rest.<br>\par
20.) Breaking any of these rules can result in DNR.<br>\par
<br>\par
\par
<br>\par
\par
<b>Banned TECH:</b><br>\par
Drone AI (It is Bugged)<br>\par
<br>\par
<br>\par
\par
<b>Requires Admin Permission</b><br>\par
<br>\par
<li>First time transformation.<br>\par
<li>Make Dragon Balls<br>\par
<li>Sacred Water<br>\par
<li>Mystic (Only taught by the SPK)<br>\par
<li>Majin <br>\par
<li>Nuke<br>\par
<li>Revive<br>\par
<li>TAKING OTHER PEOPLE to the HBTC(Hyperbolic Time Chamber). The Earth Guardian may use it anytime himself alone.<br>\par
<li>Rft Teleport (Can't use when KO, can't metagame knowing locations, only useable once during each RP)<br>\par
<li>Icer Transformations<br>\par
<li>Teaching Kaioken (NK can only teach Kaioken and it takes 2 months to master)<br>\par
<br>\par
<br>\par
\par
Race Allignment:<br>\par
Saiyan: Neutral or Evil<br>\par
Human: No restrictment.<br>\par
Spirt Doll: No restrictment. <br>\par
Demon(Hell): Evil<br>\par
Demon(Earth): Neurtal or Evil<br>\par
Kai: Good <br>\par
Tsujin: No restrictment. <br>\par
Namekian: Neutral <br>\par
Android: Based off of Creator<br>\par
Demigod: Lawful Good<br>\par
Alien: No restrictment<br>\par
Icer: Evil <br>\par
Bio: Evil <br>\par
Majin: Neutral (Until Alignment Absorbed) <br>\par
Legendary Saiyan: Chaotic Evil<br>\par
Half-Saiyan: No restrictment. <br>\par
<br>\par
<br>\par
<br> Age Rules<br>\par
<br>-All people under these ages may not use tech,fight,train,or use skills--\par
<br>They may fly and run away, though.<br><br>\par
<br>Human: 4\par
<br>Spirt Doll:4\par
<br>Tsujin:4\par
<br>Saiyan:3\par
<br>Half-Saiyan:4\par
<br>Alien:2\par
<br>Namekian:1\par
<br>Bio Android:0\par
<br>Android:0\par
<br>Majin:0\par
<br>Demigod:3\par
<br>Demon:0\par
<br>Kai:0\par
<br>\par
<br> All those underage are only allowed to do any of the above if it is within a "family". If you are not blood related, ask an admin for approval. Traveling through space requires a parent to do it for them. They don't know much about anything and need to use their parents for lots of things and be taught certain things.\par
<br>\par
<br>\par
OOC Rules<br>\par
1) No fighting/arguing or being butt hurt. Thats what Discord is for..<br>\par
2) No spamming of any form.<br>\par
3) No advertising on OOC.<br>\par
4.)No antagonizing players/continuous assault or continuously annoying them. If told to stop once you should stop the first time.<br>\par
5.)No threatening to kill someone over OOC reasons, keep it strickly IC and strickly OOC<br>\par
6.) If you are inactive for 24 hours your rank will be stripped, if you wish to consult with an Admin about longer than a day of leave then please do so. You may get your rank if you ask for it back however it's best to say something before hand.<br>\par
7.) No excessive profanity.<br>\par
8.)The following require admin permission to teach or use: Restore Youth, Shunkan Ido, Racial Fusion, Genocide, Changling Transformations, Super Saiyan (Until Phase ??)<br>\par
9.) You are allowed Redo stats just ask a admin, just don't ask too many times.<br>\par
10.) Do not build around entrances, portals, caves exits, etc. Ship landings on planets cannot be blocked off but you can build a space port it is highly recommended.<br>\par
10.a) Do not enter OOC areas or portals such as Vegeta Fitness(somehow), Ice Afterlife Portal, Space Aftlife portal, Kaioshin portal in Checkpoint, God Ki Realm(without knowledge), etc.<br>\par
11.) EZing isn't allowed.Besides packs<br>\par
12.) OOC Avoiding Rp is against the rules. It is highly suggested that you have some sort of logs in your player logs or your save will be deleted. This is to prevent players who want to powergame all wipe until they're ready to RP. <br>\par
<li>If you've been on longer than 3 days without playerlogs, your save will be deleted. This is to prevent elite spots from being taken up or rare races being taken up or just blantly not RP at all.<br>\par
<li> Do not stay inside locked houses/EG Tower/caves/etc. for more than 1 hour unless you're AFK. It's highly suggested to at least RP with player trying to RP with you. Regardless if they're hostile or not. Your houses/caves/EG Tower/etc. shouldn't be used to what's convienent to you to powergame.<br>\par
13.) No Metagaming, that means using OOC knowledge to make your characters do things that are IC.<br>\par
14.) Don't pick up dragon balls unless you have IC knowledge of dragon balls. Regardless of your IC actions.<br>\par
15.) Don't lower stats on a Genetics Computer, using Redo stats require admin approval on a Genetics Computer.<br>\par
16.) Respect the admins, they work hard and you shouldn't be telling them to shut the fuck up or anything of the sort. If you don't listen that's your fault.<br>\par
17.) Don't run to other admins if you've been denied once about something. Accept your denial can continue from there.<br>\par
\par
<p>\par
\par
\par
\par
Admin Rules<br>\par
1) No Admin is above any character<br>\par
2) No banning unless people have blantly broken a rule and purposely disobeyed the Head Admin announcement command.<br>\par
3) Utilize a system of enforcement that attempts starts at the lowest level of verbal punishment before using the BAN HAMMER,<br>\par
4) Don't give yourself rank/skills/edit allow another Admin to do it for you. If you're alone tell the HA if possible. If its petty I won't mind but if it's big I'll take it seriously.\par
<br>\par
5) Editing yourself requires the Head Admins permission and if not it requires you to ask all Admins online excluding yourself and then inform the Head Admin when he returns<br>\par
6) If a player disobey's an Admin command to prevent something from happening and what the Admin has said is legit to prevent either a bug/disrespect/etc. then the Admin has the right to enforce a Kick off of the server. If they continue, utilize this to ban them.<br>\par
7) If you argue with an admin then that is all at your own risk. Whatever happens on you, try to be respectful.<br>\par
8) Don't cheat as an Admin at all what so ever.<br>\par
\par
<p><font color=blue>\par
\par
<p>\par
<br>\par
<br>\par
<font size=4><font color=red>\par
\par
}
 